>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
House of Wellbeing.
In our New You Guided Meditation
and Hypnotherapy series,
you'll find seven audios to help
you not only become healthier
and fitter, but also more
motivated and resilient,
transforming
yourself into who you
want to be, whether it's
new year or whatever it is,
a time where you want to
change into that new person.
All of our audios are slightly
different to just meditation
alone because we use powerful
therapeutic tools, including
cognitive behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and, of
course, hypnotherapy.
It's that powerful combination
that makes our audio so hugely
effective, and they help
you to make those changes
to your unwanted beliefs,
behaviors, old habits,
or negative thinking patterns.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation,
and that's a state that's
really familiar to you.
It's the stage of relaxation you
fall into just before you fall
asleep and just as you wake up.
So it's a really
natural feeling,
and it's completely safe.
When you're in
that relaxed state,
you're in a theta
brainwave state.
And that allows us to
bypass your conscious mind
and instead talk directly
to your subconscious.
The reason we want to access
your subconscious mind
is because that's where all
your permanent beliefs, habits,
and memories live.
By talking directly to
your subconscious mind,
we're then able to retrain,
reframe, and rewire your mind,
meaning we can help you to
eliminate any unwanted fears
or behaviors, phobias, negative
thinking patterns, or limiting
beliefs with new positive,
empowering suggestions,
resulting in powerful,
long-lasting changes.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
at least four times
so you can really
override the old
beliefs, compound
the positive messaging, and
help your mind to create
new, positive neural pathways.
You'll soon see the changes
in the way you think and feel
about an issue.
We suggest you
follow your instincts
and listen to the audios as
often or as little as you want.
You can listen to our audios at
any time of the day or night,
but we suggest you
listen to the audios
when you're not too
tired, because if you
fall into a deep sleep, then
your subconscious mind just
isn't listening.
But if you get to
the end of an audio,
and you open your eyes
when I ask you to,
but you don't remember
a word I've said,
then that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious mind has
been listening all along,
and it will have taken in
the positive messaging.
So please make sure you
listen to our audios
when you're free from
any interruptions.
Please don't listen to
them when you're actively
doing something-- driving
or operating machinery.
If there is an
emergency, and you
need to come out of hypnosis
before we awaken you,
that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious
mind will alert you,
and you'll easily
come out of hypnosis.
It'll be just like waking up
from a deep sleep or a nap.
So for now, please click
on any audio you want to
and find a comfortable
position where
you can really relax and let
go, maybe on a bed or a chair.
And then close
your eyes to begin.